Jjainschigg doc changes (#36)
Mirantis/launchpad: docs/host-configuration.md

# Host configuration checklist

Launchpad target hosts must be provisioned with:

* _Sufficient vCPU, RAM, and SSD storage_ &mdash; See [system requirements](system-requirements.md) for details. For a small evaluation cluster, Manager and Workers can be provisioned with 2 vCPUs, 8GB RAM, with a 20GB SSD. On AWS EC2, for example, these specifications are met by a t3.large instance type, with SSD storage expanded to 20GB from the default 10GB. Note that, for long-term evaluation, you should provision hosts with a minimum of 64GB mass storage so that log rotation can occur. See below.
* _A supported operating system_ &mdash; Docker Enterprise Manager nodes run on a supported Linux (see [system requirements](system-requirements.md)). Worker nodes may, alternatively, run on Windows Server 2019. Note that if you intend to deploy on desktop virtualization (e.g., VirtualBox), you will need to download a supported Linux server OS as an ISO file, mount it to boot from a virtual DVD drive, and install the operating system onto the VM SSD at first launch.

Hosts must be configured to allow:

> * _Access via SSH (or WinRC for Windows hosts):_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _Access via SSH (for Windows hosts you can also use WinRM):_
```

So that it doesn't look like WinRM is the only option on Windows.

  - Public and private cloud Linux images are usually configured to enable SSH access by default.

>   - Public and private cloud Windows Server images are normally configured for WinRC by default, which Launchpad supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Public and private cloud Windows Server images are normally configured for WinRM by default, which Launchpad supports.
```

  - This is the default for Linux instances on most public and private cloud platforms. The username you create at VM launch will have passwordless sudo privileges.
  - If installing Linux on a desktop (e.g., VirtualBox) VM, you will typically need to configure passwordless sudo after first boot of a newly-installed OS. Google 'configure passwordless sudo &lt;your chosen Linux&gt;' for tutorials and instructions.
  - On Windows hosts, the Administrator account is given all privileges by default, and Launchpad can escalate permissions at need without a password.

* _Configure Docker logging to enable auto-rotation and manage retention_ * &mdash; Additionally, we recommend configuring evaluation hosts, especially those with smaller SSDs/HDDs, to enable basic Docker log rotation and managing old-file retention, thus avoiding filling up cluster storage with retained logs.

This can be done by ssh'ing to each host, and then:

```
$ sudo su -
```

... to become root, then creating the directory /etc/docker:

```
$ mkdir /etc/docker
```

> ... and, within that directory, using vi or another editor to create the file daemon.json, as shown:

Reviewer: These could be set via the engineconfig in cluster.yaml I think?

Author: Who might we ask? That would be neat, if so.

Reviewer: The engine config is just taken as is, converted from yaml to json and written into `/etc/docker/daemon.json`, so I think this should work:

```yaml
spec:
  engine:
    log-driver: json-file,
    log-opts: 
      max-size: 10m,
      max-file: 3
```

Reviewer: @jjainschigg-r Did you have the chance to see if that does what was intended?

Reviewer 2: Engine config within cluster.yaml should work.

Reviewer: Whoops, I guess that was fake news.

It's actually engineConfig under each host:

```yaml
spec:
  hosts:
    - address: 10.0.0.1
       engineConfig: &linuxEngineConfig
         log-driver: json-file
         log-opts:
           max-size: 10m
           max-file: "3"
    - address: 10.0.0.2
       engineConfig: *linuxEngineConfig
    - address: 10.0.0.3
       engineConfig: *linuxEngineConfig
```

So it's per host.

Author: Neat! I will add this.
